something tells me you're going to do
great things here
thank you for this opportunity guys we
are more than halfway through preacher
season 2 but don't worry we'll be here
all season long you can find me on
Twitter at Ryan Eric P please come say
hi and also be sure to subscribe to
GameSpot universe we do a whole lot more
than just preacher like twin peaks'
Game of Thrones and Rick and Morty let's
first jump into the plot of episode 7
which is titled Pig and it starts in
Vietnam with well a pig and a seemingly
supernatural event and were finally
reintroduced to the white suit wearing
hair star who arrives in Vietnam in a
white Mercedes truck that's where all
the Atlanta Falcons Superbowl
championship gear went so crowds have
formed to witness a miracle at hand and
what is it exactly the miracle is seeing
a pig fly literally this dude can't wait
to upload these photos to Instagram but
hair star isn't so pleased cut to New
Orleans where it's a regular old early
morning in the French Quarter the
drunker carted off to sleep off their
hangovers and the dead well thankfully
there aren't any dead yet
jesse pops out of the hundred and eighty
seventh the jazz club in new orleans if
you're keeping track he's clearly been a
busy man drinking up all the rat water
whiskey in the French Quarter and he's
also having doubts about his search for
God meanwhile Danny is having trouble
breathing
tulips still doesn't seem the same after
her run-in with the saint of killers and
Cassidy wants to take a break and just
have some fun so team preacher heads to
the Hurt Locker The Hurt Locker is a
spot where you can bet on who can take a
bullet to the chest it's a perfect spot
for Team preacher because who better
than Cassidy to step in front of a gun
so Jesse tulip and Cassidy pull a scam
but it was more than just fun and games
here we knew that team preacher needed
to let off some steam and that Cassidy
would survive the gun shot but the most
important moment happened between
Cassidy and tulip
and I love that okay tell now that kiss
may have been harmless to tulip but
Cassidy wasn't acting at all when he
said that he loved her
also Jessie was watching the entire
thing and he brought it up to tulip a
few moments later obviously we're headed
for more drama between these three like
we saw in the comic books as the love
triangle between Jessie to it but
Cassidy heats up yeah that kiss forecast
look pretty fun very convinced yeah
after Jesse and tulip go home we get an
interesting combo between Cassidy and
Denis well actually Cassidy doesn't
understand a lick of French but luckily
a passed-out French professor wakes up
to assist in translation
we learned that Denis is dying and that
he hates Cassidy and wants to be turned
into a vampire but Cassidy doesn't want
any part of this we then get some
backstory on hair star and how he joined
the Grail yes we find out that he's a
sociopath a sexual freak with some
alternative fighting skills and a master
of seduction with a high tolerance for
pain he also knows exactly how to
eliminate all competition oh and he has
some amazing one-liners what if I told
you that our organization feels exactly
the same way you do
like a 10-inch dick I'd need to see it
to believe it
he's the perfect man for the job of
heading the Grail Samson unit which
handles all false prophets so if there
are any contenders of Christ's throne
its the Grails job to get rid of them in
case you're wondering that's even
included Abraham Lincoln yes
the Grail killed Abraham Lincoln so
after learning the ropes of the new gig
Starr is immediately self promoted by
pushing his boss off the building yep
he's a real go-getter back in New
Orleans Jesse befriends that doomsday
preacher that he saw on the street
earlier they share a beer together when
discussing the end of the world notice
how these two are framed in this shot
one cast in light and the other in
shadow so how does one know when the
apocalypse is near and there has been an
uptick ever since Tom Cruise exploded no
question
the Cubs waiting keep this flying pig
it's real rat the god stuff right but
the doomsday preacher is more concerned
that the apocalypse is used as a
distraction because people are really
scared of themselves this seems like the
perfect time for Jesse to take a long
hard look in the mirror and listen to
his advice
jesse is seriously concerned about the
1% of his soul that he's sold and he's
in need of some enlightenment as we
mentioned last week even selling a
fraction of your soul is some serious
business and gonna have major
consequences down the road back in
Vietnam we find out that hair star
killed the flying pig and the entire
village I forgot to mention to you
earlier that he doesn't really care
about collateral damage we then end on
stars next target Jesse Custer who's
watching the news report on the TV and
it sounds eerily similar to Stephen
Hawking who knew he too was working for
the Grail are you a scientist no so
that's where episode 7 ends but I still
have a few more observations to share
with you guys but beware comic book
spoilers ahead first off clearly tulip
has been living in her own personal hell
since the run-in with the saint she's
reliving this same nightmare over and
over and over again of the saint of
killers shooting her remember in the
comics the saints guns were literally
made from the Angel of Death sword so
they are straight-up evil
whoever holds the guns can see the souls
of the saints victims that's a whole lot
of people I like the idea that this was
adapted to any touch from the saint
himself instead of his guns that would
explain the horrors that tulip is
dealing with ever since he grabbed her
her only solution to the problem is by
going back to the Hurt Locker and taking
countless bullets to the chest in hopes
to desensitize her reaction to the
visions speaking of tulip maybe the
whole act at The Hurt Locker wasn't an
act after all maybe she does have
feelings for Cassidy after realizing
that he has always been there for her
and that he's genuine with his
intentions bottom line there's a whole
lot more drama ahead for these three in
even more reasons for drama
Jessie straight-up lied to tulip about
the saint of killers he could have just
told her that he was chilling at the
bottom of a lake she thinks he's in Hell
and she definitely will not be happy
when he returns and all of their lives
also be in danger I want to go on the
record and say that Danny will get his
wish cassadee's mind might have been
changed after his overnight stay at the
morgue but even if he decides not to
turn Danny the old man might be able to
get another vampires help I'm literally
thinking of any excuse to give us a
Carius from what we know in the books
let's just say Jesus Christ lineage
isn't doing too well that's what
inbreeding will do it will be extremely
interesting to see if and how they adapt
this storyline for the TV show and
finally that brings us to hare star who
tracked down Jesse for different reasons
in the books he actually wanted to
replace the inept ancestor of Christ
with the all-powerful Jesse Custer but
here in the TV show it looks like he's
just trying to eliminate him completely
as he would with any other false prophet
what are you looking for serial numbers
annika this is the best way to know your
target is through concealed intimacy
it's in the handbook who doesn't belong
help whoever you are
Wow
Oh
[Music]